For many people just to hear the word slave leaves a bitter taste in her mouth.
They associate the word with the following definition, listen carefully to a please.
A human being who is owned as property by another and is absolutely subject to his will,
or a bond servant divested of all freedom and personal rights.
The word slave may bring to mind the trafficking in slaves,
especially the buying and selling of blacks for profit prior to the American Civil War.
Well, that having been said, the Bible's use of the word slave does not leave a bad taste in our mouths,
but a sweet taste.
Yes, we were bought with the precious blood of another human, a perfect one.
We all know to be Jesus.
And Paul told the early Christians in Corinth, you do not belong to yourselves,
for you were bought with a price.
The 24 elders too in Revelation chapter 5, verse 9, sing to Jesus the Lamb of God.
Open your Bibles, please, to this.
That's the ninth verse of the fifth chapter of Revelation.
And it reads this way.
And they sing a new song, saying,
you are worthy to take the scroll and open its seals,
for you were slaughtered, and with your blood you bought people for God
out of every tribe and tongue and people and nation.
Well, that's true. That's what has happened, and we're all happy for that.
But we all know that we're slaves of God.
We have been bought and paid for, but we're happy slaves, aren't we?
We work diligently to please our owners, Jehovah and Jesus.
And that's what Bethel is all about too.
We work hard as slaves.
To be a slave of Jehovah is a cherished privilege,
just to be owned by God, to belong to Him is the best thing that could happen to anyone of us.
That is how the faithful and discreet slave feels as the feeding of the domestics
is accomplished each day.
Now, you see members of the governing body walking here and there
in the various complexes here in the United States from the time to time.
They were now and then we'll go up to Canada, go other places throughout the world,
and you see a few others walking around too.
What are some things that occupy the time of the faithful slave and their attention?
I just jotted down a few things.
Now, I'm going to go through them very fast because we don't have a lot of time,
but you just think about them.
Making decisions that affect the lives of all sheep,
publishers of auxiliary regulars, special pioneers, missionaries, circuit overseers,
Bethel family members, all over the world,
deciding whether new branch facilities are needed in various countries throughout the world,
deciding on the needs in the field of computers, a field that just keeps growing
and growing with each passing week.
Looking into legal fights where having all over the world,
deciding the best approach to helping brothers and sisters who have been struck by natural disasters,
how much money can be allotted and so forth,
deciding on assembly and convention program themes, dramas, broadcast programs,
videos, new songs, morning worship programs, involvement with all the schools being taught,
and there's no end to it.
Reading and checking and approving all material that will be printed,
looking and approving all artwork that will be used in our publications,
what new languages to start translating,
decide on what will appear on JW.org and JW Library.
And of course, that has really been a jewel and still is.
Final approval on all the audio recordings of the Bible,
organizes international and special conventions,
organizes branched educations and assembly hall educations worldwide,
involved with all teaching, constantly looking to and praying to Jehovah for direction
and shepherding his sheep.
Now what has been said probably is only half of what is done by the faithful and discreet slave.
What is accomplished is not by human effort alone,
but is by means of God's Holy Spirit and direction given by Jesus the head of the congregation.
While all major decisions and approvals are made by the faithful and discreet slave,
we have 30 most qualified helpers and several other brothers who work hard
in assisting us to accomplish our responsibility of feeding and caring for Jehovah's sheep.
Their work does not go unnoticed.
Now some of us may be viewed as iron chefs,
but we're not the only ones in the kitchen and you better believe that.
The entire Bethel family helps as well.
We hear you praying in our behalf on a regular basis,
and we thank you for your prayers.
Is it any wonder that the Apostle Paul has found that monishing sheep to be industrious,
not lazy, be a glow with the Spirit, he says,
and then he ends up by saying slave for Jehovah.
That's Romans 12-11.
By becoming loyally obedient slaves of God and Jesus, we become their friends.
Let's look at something here in our Bible.
John 15-15.
It reads this way,
I no longer call you slaves because a slave does not know what his master does,
but I have called you friends because I have made known to you all the things I have heard from my father.
Isn't that beautiful?
That's Jesus.
That's what he does,
and we appreciate it so much what he does for us.
So those who follow Jesus while slaves are also his friends.
That's a blessing.
Can you think of a better position to be in than being a friend of Jesus?
If we have Jesus' friendship, then we automatically have Jehovah's friendship.
So don't let the word slave put a bad taste in your mouth.
It's a sweet thing.
It's honey to the palate.